what was it like going from the
environment of the WWE creative a
company steeped in tradition and you
know the really the flagbearer for
wrestling and then into the teen a
creative environment really to get to go
there I set up the house of cards for
you go ahead there you go
different it's uh Wow
it's it's like going from a major
university to you see those little
community college in the strip malls
next to the bingo hall one of those
mail-order colleges yeah send exactly
the man right yeah it's kind of like
kinda like going from that to that it
there wasn't a lot of focus on direction
and focus on story and this is what
we're going to do and this is we're
going to be in six months this is where
we're going to be in a year it was let's
this is what we're doing this week let's
get through it and then we're going to
see we're going to do next week and even
if there was planning unfortunately if
the rating went down a tenth of a point
it was oh my god the sky is falling we
have to change abandon story less Jason
ship yeah this isn't working we've got
to get staying has to be on TV next week
we with just a capitated sting last week
and sting is off TV for six months he's
got to be back it was very neat jerk and
there were was way too much emphasis on
that rating point can't can't go down an
eighth of a point but it also didn't go
up so no didn't um he I know some of the
folks that work down there and they're
experienced minds of the business right
so I am to assume that it wasn't those
guys that were saying we got to get
sting back on TV no no that was someone
may be higher up may be higher up in
authority right who controlled the
checkbook right so you kind of had to do
what they said or you really had to
spend
your time trying to convince them
otherwise which was detrimental to
taking everything to the next level if I
bought a fight a lot of money and
decided that I was going to invest it in
a hamburger company mm-hmm and I don't
know anything many hamburgers the thing
I would do I think most businesses when
they acquire other assets what they do
is they go I can find the best burger
guy and he's gonna run that company for
me we're get ton of money because he's
an esper guy right and I'm not gonna
tell him anything about the pickles
because I don't know the pickles go with
this bun because he's the burger guy
right
why would somebody fictional of course
with with a wealthy powerful family
business owners why couldn't they just
let you make the burgers was it fun for
them was it I it was at an ego thing cuz
you can cuz the rating point was a one
forever right
it kind of just hovered right there so
why wouldn't I have you do the burgers
because so what let's arguably say let's
say that the business that you do know
is you build houses okay okay let's say
you're a contractor and you build houses
and you build the biggest most beautiful
houses in the world but now you want
that burger company and you look at it
and say well you know what a chef who's
going to come up with greatest burger
and come up with the greatest recipes in
the world is no different than my
contractor over here accent they come in
they do a job here's what you got to do
build me a burger just build me a burger
all this guys just get his wood his
nails
line it up hammer the nails and wood
together guy building the burger he's
got to get the right meat he's got to
experiment with he's got to season it
just right he's got to be able to mold
it may be in a different he's got to
bake the bread and has got to decide
what condiments to put on it and the
sides and the dishes and how he serves
to you
covert contractor the plumber the
electric guy they're doing exactly what
they would do on every single house
nothing changes they're doing that but
Zolder contracting company is the owner
of company builds houses now I'm buying
the hammer I want to run the same way
right okay the chef's give me any chef
there's just a chef use any meat it's
just meat but they went out and got some
of the best chefs so they knew that
there was a skill or else they would
have just gotten they got they got some
goodness they got some decent cuts of
meat but they didn't know how to take
that meat mix it with other meat to make
the best damn burger and seasoned it and
put it all together and then the chef
well the chef is trying to do all of
this they're being told by the company
over here that's uh just built 14 track
houses that no you paid too much for
that meat okay get rid of that meat and
get me some other meat and put them in
but it's not as good no no it's like
just meat
so you weren't trusted that you knew me
you're hired because you're supposed to
know me but then you weren't trusted
enough to work with the meat without my
input owner of the contracting company
you need my help
if yeah if it didn't if it didn't
immediately it's it's like you open up
the burger place and the first day you
sell thousand burgers and the next day
you only still nine hundred ninety god
this is the this is horrible
got to get rid of him because we went
down there's no one around me as the
owner of the burger company pulling me
so I go listen honey maybe my dad or
somebody pull me aside to say you this
isn't how you run a business
you let the generals drive here no okay
no really they're on their own to make
the decisions you know what and again
and I made decisions there and I I'll
stand by my decisions and made them for
the best of the company I enjoyed my
time there it was fun
great it's very frustrating at times but
I had no God had a good time